README.md, before:

# FN-Modern-builds
Modern Fortnite Builds downloads  and link | Starts from Ch4 Up to CH6


## Sources:
- [***Crabon's Library***](https://builds.cbn.lol/builds)

>[!Warning]
> **Some Builds are down!** I do **Not** host these files and these just links from external sources.


### Modern FN-Builds 23.50-CL-24376996

| FN Seasons , Builds | Direct Download Links | Folders / Roots | 
|-------|---------------|---------------|
| **Chapter 4 Season 1** 23.00-CL-23344627 | [Gofile](https://cold-na-phx-4.gofile.io/download/web/485d3737-abc6-451e-b689-03c58f31ca0c/23.00-CL-23344627.7z) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 4 Season 1** 23.50-CL-24376996 | [Project Nexa upload](https://titanac.xyz/23.50.rar)| N/A |
| **Chapter 4 Season 2** 24.20-CL-25156858 | [Gofile](https://store10.gofile.io/download/web/0390fe8d-f51c-4e5e-9699-05b3319d8562/24.20-CL-25156858.zip) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 4 Season 2** 24.20-CL-25156858 | [Ploosh.dev](https://r2.ploosh.dev/24.20.zip) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 4 Season 2** 24.20-CL-25156858 | [Gofile](https://store4.gofile.io/download/web/1944b17a-2576-434b-aa93-72fc7a19c4b5/24.40-CL-25595478.zip)| N/A
| **Chapter 4 Season 2** 24.40-CL-25595478 | [Gofile](https://store4.gofile.io/download/web/1944b17a-2576-434b-aa93-72fc7a19c4b5/24.40-CL-25595478.zip) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 4 Season 3** 25.00-CL-25909622 | DOWN | N/A
| **Chapter 4 Season 3** 25.11-CL-26171015 | DOWN | N/A
| **Chapter 4 Season 4** 26.30-CL-28509302 | [Ploosh.dev](https://r2.ploosh.dev/26.30.zip) | N/A
| **Chapter 4 Season OG** 27.11-CL-29739262 | [Gofile](https://cold-na-phx-7.gofile.io/download/web/eae4286d-7be6-4ec7-a4b4-34a87bd26826/27.11-CL-29739262.7z) | N/A
| **Chapter 5 Sseason 1** 28.00-CL-29915848 | DOWN | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 5 Sseason 1** 28.00-CL-29915848 | [Gofile](https://cold-na-phx-6.gofile.io/download/web/05e6fa8b-fe90-42d7-98ff-0d5f3dfa6fa2/28.00-CL-29915848.7z) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/uDTffQ)
| **Chapter 5 Season 1** 28.20.1-CL-31286935 | [Gofile](https://cold4.gofile.io/download/web/3b372482-5a4d-4102-a153-c4e29faa5626/c5s1.zip) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 5 Season 2** 29.00-CL-32116959 | [Gofile](https://cold-na-phx-7.gofile.io/download/web/337aba8a-05a7-48ab-a026-f7b107a77d48/27.11-CL-29739262.7z) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/MfJHqg)
| **Chapter 5 Season 2** 29.40-CL-33629566 | DOWN | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 5 Season 3** 30.00-CL-33962396 | [Gofile](https://store1.gofile.io/download/web/ffa037a2-b070-4941-875b-6158b5b131fa/%2B%2BFortnite%2BRelease-30.00-CL-33962396.rar) | [Gofile Folder](https://gofile.io/d/ZjRYts)



**NOTE:**
- *Some **Other** builds will come in the future.*
- Above S30  in-game AKA load into map will not be possible with **Crabon** !! (just to know that)
- Sometimes you cant downlaod from "Golfile Root" or "Gofile Folders" That means it expired!!
- **PLS** note me in issue tickets IF any of these links doesn't work for you!!

# 🚧 Maybe this will not be updated with more builds because this is ONLY based on builds that are working for CARBON!🚧

## About Carbon
For more info join the discord: [***Join the Carbon discord here!***](https://discord.gg/SvHNxmYCeD)

Commit message:

Item archive for Carbon and ALL skins Profile file uploaded

README.md, after:

# FN-Modern-builds
Modern Fortnite Builds downloads  and link | Starts from Ch4 Up to CH6

# FN item archive
For projects and for commands u can use this.
[FN Item archive](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vnj3mX5qLLa9sPlNcj5uRevWlRaf7kd7quK6wFEo_6Y/edit?gid=0#gid=0)



## Sources:
- [***Crabon's Library***](https://builds.cbn.lol/builds)

>[!Warning]
> **Some Builds are down!** I do **Not** host these files and these just links from external sources.


### Modern FN-Builds 23.50-CL-24376996

| FN Seasons , Builds | Direct Download Links | Folders / Roots | 
|-------|---------------|---------------|
| **Chapter 4 Season 1** 23.00-CL-23344627 | [Gofile](https://cold-na-phx-4.gofile.io/download/web/485d3737-abc6-451e-b689-03c58f31ca0c/23.00-CL-23344627.7z) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 4 Season 1** 23.50-CL-24376996 | [Project Nexa upload](https://titanac.xyz/23.50.rar)| N/A |
| **Chapter 4 Season 2** 24.20-CL-25156858 | [Gofile](https://store10.gofile.io/download/web/0390fe8d-f51c-4e5e-9699-05b3319d8562/24.20-CL-25156858.zip) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 4 Season 2** 24.20-CL-25156858 | [Ploosh.dev](https://r2.ploosh.dev/24.20.zip) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 4 Season 2** 24.20-CL-25156858 | [Gofile](https://store4.gofile.io/download/web/1944b17a-2576-434b-aa93-72fc7a19c4b5/24.40-CL-25595478.zip)| N/A
| **Chapter 4 Season 2** 24.40-CL-25595478 | [Gofile](https://store4.gofile.io/download/web/1944b17a-2576-434b-aa93-72fc7a19c4b5/24.40-CL-25595478.zip) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 4 Season 3** 25.00-CL-25909622 | DOWN | N/A
| **Chapter 4 Season 3** 25.11-CL-26171015 | DOWN | N/A
| **Chapter 4 Season 4** 26.30-CL-28509302 | [Ploosh.dev](https://r2.ploosh.dev/26.30.zip) | N/A
| **Chapter 4 Season OG** 27.11-CL-29739262 | [Gofile](https://cold-na-phx-7.gofile.io/download/web/eae4286d-7be6-4ec7-a4b4-34a87bd26826/27.11-CL-29739262.7z) | N/A
| **Chapter 5 Sseason 1** 28.00-CL-29915848 | DOWN | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 5 Sseason 1** 28.00-CL-29915848 | [Gofile](https://cold-na-phx-6.gofile.io/download/web/05e6fa8b-fe90-42d7-98ff-0d5f3dfa6fa2/28.00-CL-29915848.7z) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/uDTffQ)
| **Chapter 5 Season 1** 28.20.1-CL-31286935 | [Gofile](https://cold4.gofile.io/download/web/3b372482-5a4d-4102-a153-c4e29faa5626/c5s1.zip) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 5 Season 2** 29.00-CL-32116959 | [Gofile](https://cold-na-phx-7.gofile.io/download/web/337aba8a-05a7-48ab-a026-f7b107a77d48/27.11-CL-29739262.7z) | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/MfJHqg)
| **Chapter 5 Season 2** 29.40-CL-33629566 | DOWN | [Gofile Root](https://gofile.io/d/cw0eee)
| **Chapter 5 Season 3** 30.00-CL-33962396 | [Gofile](https://store1.gofile.io/download/web/ffa037a2-b070-4941-875b-6158b5b131fa/%2B%2BFortnite%2BRelease-30.00-CL-33962396.rar) | [Gofile Folder](https://gofile.io/d/ZjRYts)



**NOTE:**
- *Some **Other** builds will come in the future.*
- Above S30  in-game AKA load into map will not be possible with **Crabon** !! (just to know that)
- Sometimes you cant downlaod from "Golfile Root" or "Gofile Folders" That means it expired!!
- **PLS** note me in issue tickets IF any of these links doesn't work for you!!

# 🚧 Maybe this will not be updated with more builds because this is ONLY based on builds that are working for CARBON!🚧

## About Carbon
For more info join the discord: [***Join the Carbon discord here!***](https://discord.gg/SvHNxmYCeD)
